ave open and constructive conversations with stakeholders, including governments and tax authorities. And we contribute to initiatives that simplify and improve tax regimes to encourage investment and sustainable growth and support the energy transition. We are committed to being transparent about our tax principles and the taxes we pay, and in 2020 we endorsed the B Team Responsible Tax Principles.


and sustainable use of natural resource projects in the countries where we have current or growing investments. We will also continue to work with others, including our joint ventures, to influence and promote collective action on biodiversity.


We’ll work with our key suppliers to embed sustainable practices, focusing on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing the circularity of what we buy.

upport the delivery of aim 1. They will also help to reduce the life cycle emissions for the marketed products we produce or refine. Since the beginning of 2016 we have delivered 4.9 million tonnes of sustainable emissions reductions (SERs), including 1.0 million tonnes in 2020 through operational improvements in areas such as energy efficiency and


And investors should consider both the positive climate benefits and sustainable long-term value that greening companies can offer as part of a balanced portfolio. In return we should expect greening companies to be transparent, and demonstrate progress towards delivery of our aims and targets.


We still have internal sustainable emissions reductions (SERs) targets in place and these continue to be linked to remuneration for employees who are eligible for an annual cash bonus.


Our US onshore operations, bpx energy, delivered sustainable emissions reductions totalling over 245kteCO2e in 2020 – driving operational efficiencies and substantively reducing our methane


Our purpose is to reimagine energy while improving people’s lives, and this aligns with SDG 7 (ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all). We aim to have developeda  50GW of net renewable generating capacity by 2030, with around 20GW of that achieved by 2025. This energy will be developed across a broad range of geographies


and affordable energy has significant benefits for society and sustainable development, including improvements in health and wellbeing, education, and gender equality. We want to play our part in this and are exploring ways to make clean energy accessible to those who need it most. We will develop and outline our approach to accessible energy by the end of 2022.


Working towards a just transition and the development of sustainable livelihoods (see aim 13) includes the provision of reskilling to enable people to transition into quality employment in low carbon jobs so they can


b Livelihoods development programmes to support greater local economic growth and sustainable development for communities and cities where we work: including through reskilling, entrepreneurship and micro-credit programme; and by supporting our other sustainable frame aims (for example, biodiversity, NbS/NCS and water) and other sustainable ways to support job creation linked with future market demand through social investment budgets and in line with local needs assessments.

ndemic and to bringing stability to an ever-changing world. For this reason, where local community needs are greatest, we want to collaborate with our local communities to build resilience and support sustainable livelihoods at the local level. We are already in action to support sustainable livelihoods of local communities at a number of our businesses and have done some initial work to understand what’s working well, with a view to building on and replicating our successes elsewhere.

ds are greatest, to build updated socio-economic baselines and, where necessary, conduct fresh needs assessments. Based on this we will develop or update local plans to support communities in building sustainable livelihoods and greater resilience. Programmes will be designed based on local needs and could include reskilling, entrepreneurship, micro-credit, and other programmes that support sustainable community development. In parallel, we will develop group-level targets, definitions of success and impact measures to track and report progress.


Our work on sustainable livelihoods to date supports several of the SDGs, in particular on education, health and economic growth as drivers for sustainable livelihoods.

The UN Sustainable Development Goal 4 Quality Education, identifies education and skills development as key enablers of sustainable development for local communities. It aims to “ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all”. We support this ambition, aiming to build on the efforts of governments to protect the right to education and the efforts of other formal and informal institutions to deliver SDG 4.

o social investment to align with our sustainability framework, with the objective that by 2025 70% of our social investment will be in support of our people and planet aims, including aspects such as sustainable livelihoods, community health and wellbeing, enhancements to local water catchments, and biodiversity,

es, which may include a combination of small and large projects and may also deliver nature-based solutions (NbS), such as establishing new marine management conservation zones, avoided deforestation, sustainable fisheries or restoring biodiversity in urban environments which contribute towards national biodiversity targets and support capacity building.


and support sustainable forestry management in Mexico. We have supported the setup and development of these initial ‘Improved Forest Management’ projects through improving forest harvesting techniques and, in some cases, reducing timber extraction working closely with, and ensuring benefit to, the local communities. The programme has been tailored to the local context, especially the type of community land ownership that is common there, allowing for increased participation. The emission reductions are generated and registered under the Climate Action Reserve´s Mexico Forest Protocol (MFP).


Finite Carbon identifies and develops projects that enable landowners to generate revenue from the protection, restoration and sustainable management of forests. These actions increase carbon stored in forests and generate carbon offsets that are verified against industry- recognized standards and can be traded


our digital activities. Designing for sustainability includes how we make decisions about the digital solutions we create and embedding sustainable design thinking into our processes and operations. Underpinning this, the bp digital design team is developing a sustainable design kit, comprising tailored tools and guidance.


Just transition – Mitigating the potential adverse impacts of a low carbon transition on workers and communities while promoting sustainable and resilient opportunities that low carbon industries can bring to workers and communities including decent jobs and access to sustainable energy.

 generating capacity to FID by 2030, supporting a just transition that advances human rights and education and includes developing just transition plans in priority areas, helping over 1m people build sustainable livelihoods, greater diversity, equity & inclusion for our workforce and customers and increasing supplier diversity spend to $1 billion, enhancing the health and

 in our operations and through our business activities and using circular resources and embracing circular principles in design, operations and decommissioning, working with our key suppliers to embed sustainable practices, focusing on reducing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing the circularity of what we buy

